Hello again Gloy has got people in this video going to start laying the groundwork for a customization
at the moment.
I have a single player character model by the end video.
We're going to have to.
We're not yet going to switch between them but we're going to get ready to do so.
So let's get into to got out and get started.
As you might expect we're going to start in the play a scene.
So here's my play a song and just to remind ourselves what's happening.
The scene is called Play It.
I'm going to have a player if I'm a little distracted by this little jiggly dance I'm just going to
go into my animation tripler go to action.
One three note and put that close to the centre.
There we go a little better can close that now.
All players are a form of cactus or inheriting from the character.
We are inheriting everything great.
So this mesh in instance as our guideline the collision shape forward can fire and hurt effects that
that's common to all characters on top of that we are instancing in this omniture which is this Mash.
This animation tree player and this animation player or cat o players have a camera a riffle timer and
a hop sound effect.
OK.
What I want is a play a template scene and have play em inherit from that.
So I'm going to have to start overwriting things.
I also need to be a little bit careful if I open the armature scene.
You'll see this.
This animation player has less information in it than this one.
That's because I changed the animation triplet in scene.
Not an armchair to make this very easy for myself.
I'm just going to save this animation tree.
So in the play a scene under armature.
I'm going to right click and you save branch a scene and then put in scenes characters.
Players just call animation tripler going to save that.
It's going to armature and remove this animation terie player okay.
So now this character should still work.
Okay so that should all be nice and fancy.
Now there's another way I could do this.
I could delete it from here and go back to armature an instance said in here so I go to scenes.
Characters players animation tripler And really it doesn't matter too much which one you pick.
Right now the beauty of having this instance a scene is that when we put the other character in we're
going be quite close to making it work.
So I now have an updated animation tree player that's coming in with this armature.
What I want to do now is a little bit scary.
I'm going to remove this armature from the scene.
I'm going to save this scene as player template.
OK.
Now I need a new inherited scene from play a template and I need to in a sense in that omniture SO GET
armature on a chair.
And you know just the image was the wrong size.
Remember before we had to scale it down.
OK will scale it back down.
So click on armature get a scale zero point twenty five.
Great.
And let's just double check where you aren't going to get the mesh instance.
And that's slightly low isn't it.
So let's bring that up.
It's going to take off snap their ear and sketch to scooched and you are perfectly scootch.
That's pretty fine scootching and I can hide this meshes that's OK.
So now I've got this new player that's incensing in all of them inheriting from player templates so
let's save this scene as player.
And I'm going to overwrite that.
That's my new player and I can go into this on a chair and go to what children like and see everything
in there that's looking pretty solid which now brings me to the challenge.
I would like you to add the other player model.
So I've got player accreting player.
If you've got player you'll be creating play am I like to create a new player character from the template
I just made.
And don't forget you're going to have to size it so it's consistent.
So you could use that this little mesh instance guideline thing we have right here.
So pause the video give that a shot.
And when you come back I'll show you my solution.
And welcome back.
So what I do is I'm going to instance an immature female and she is kind of giant isn't she she's actually
bigger than the armature.
This is a larger model than the other one.
The models were probably not quite at the same time and they certainly weren't using the same animations
and rake's have to tweak these bits so click on immature not player and skeleton this is already 1 percent
of the original so we need this even small.
So how about zero point zero five.
How's that looking.
That's actually still a bit big.
OK zero points zero for this in all three.
So start with why.
Yeah that's get zero point zero zero four.
There it is.
Excellent.
And let's just check against the meche instance.
Are you going through the floor.
Yes you are.
OK.
Let's bring you up a little bit to switch my snap off again.
Done.
And that is pretty good.
Okay.
From a save that and I saved this as a player f.
And you'll notice I kept the root node as player in all three.
And this is important because when I instance the players into this level if I've got any script that
is pointing to a node called player I want whatever player comes in to have that node name OK.
You'll notice by the way that this armature doesn't have an animation player great.
We already say that less instances in so many instance in my animation tripler AM when we look at that.
It's looking pretty good solus opening a missionary player and you'll notice that most of this is working
correctly.
However some of these animations have a slightly different name.
This is because again the assets were created about two three months apart and they don't have identical
animation names for example let's say I move to try this blend where I come on pick up Punch works fine
but pick up doesn't.
So let's scroll down here.
This working animation has a different name.
This is pick up.
Let's see how that works if I can find that there it is.
Much more like.
OK.
The other one we need to check is run.
Now all I'm doing is going through all the slides much sure they work and run doesn't work.
Let's look.
It's called running.
Great.
Now the script will still work because what we're calling the script is the node names of calling a
blend two called Move and blend three called action.
So all I've done is I've checked that these notes a point is the correct animations so that when it's
called the cat the cat will actually animate.
So now if I say that we now have two fully amateur players that are the same size that we can switch
between.
And that is all we need to do at this stage.
So that brings us to the end of this video.
In this video we've looked at how to build a template from an existing asset.
We've also made sure that I am a missionary player is pointing to the correct animation without having
to rebuild it from scratch.
So excellent work and I'll see in the next year.